hey guys counter powers dead red hitting
calm the drill I got for you guys today
is going to show you how to stay through
the ball longer okay so I get a lot of
emails about players tell me that
they're in a really tough time staying
through the ball a lot of rollovers a
lot of week fly balls to the opposite
field and one of the things you can
definitely do is start doing drills
that'll really help you stay through the
ball so this is going to exaggerate your
swing path to make sure that is on plane
longer than this at the current moment
in time alright so what we're going to
do is we're going to take this bat
alright obviously what you can do here
is you can use your bat or you can use a
short bat freely up to you if you're an
older player and you have a little bat
from Little League from when you're
around 10 11 12 still hang around the
garage go pick that up that'll
definitely be a great tool for you to
use in this drill alright so what's your
news you're going to get a short bat or
take your bat and pretty much you can
grip it right by the label up here
alright so if you can see the label on
the bat you can kind of use that and
play around with it depending on how
strong you are so the stronger you are
the further you're gonna be able to go
down on the barrel alright what we're
gonna do is we're going to hold it with
your bottom hand so if you are
right-handed you're going to hold with
your left hand okay left handed
obviously with your right hand so
holding with your bottom hand alright
and then depending on how strong you are
alright make sure that it makes sure
it's really really important for you to
make sure that you can control the bat
during this drill alright so this isn't
one of those things where you want to be
like oh I'm really really strong so I'm
going to drop all the way down then you
lose control the bat and then the drill
isn't going to work for you exactly how
it needs to so you can learn how to stay
through the ball better
so again bottom hand right here below
the label somewhere on what you're gonna
do is get your regular stance alright
your stride and separate and then go and
swing and hit alright I'm gonna show you
exactly what it looks like right here
[Applause]
all right so it's really important for
you guys to make sure that you are still
staying tight to your back shoulder
throughout your swing you're staying
inside the baseball and you're still
trying to hit the ball head high so this
is gonna be a drill like I said it's
really really important for you to have
control of the bat alright so make sure
that your hand is the proper distance
according to how strong you are again
the weight of the bat from the label
because if you get too far down what
you're going to do is you're going to
notice you're going to go to swing
you're not going to control it that's
going to go like this you're going to
lose the barrel and then you're not
gonna be able to control the bat how you
need to in your regular swing all right
so again bottom hand right here by the
label alright
regular swing make sure you still stride
and separate and go through your regular
swing as much as you possibly can again
and your whole goal is to take the
barrel this bat and throw it and stay
through the ball as long as possible
okay so if you noticed in the swing that
I just showed you
I finished my swing it was the same
normal swing I took and I really was
just trying to highlight staying through
the baseball staying inside on a good
bat path on a good bat plane alright
guys if you haven't yet make sure you go
over to dead read hitting calm and get
your free bat speed workout it's right
there on the home page all you can do is
just go type in dead right hitting calm
up there where it says YouTube /
wherever the URL is are you typing in
there go to dead read hitting calm and
you can go get your free instant bat
speed workout right 5 minute workout
really really good information it's
really going to help you guys out
especially if you're struggling with
generating bat speed or you need more
power or you just can't seem to get that
pop in your bat like other players
around you alright until next time keep
swinging
you